enter
Your period is approaching
Brown sugar for you
Go to bed early.
You sleep and go
You have something else to do
What you said at the dinner table today
What do you mean?
You mean?
What I confessed to my beloved girl
I'm not going to confess for now
Why is that?
Because I don't think he's ready yet.
I'm ready.
Are you sure?
I mean that girl should be ready
Ok go to bed early
Confess this kind of thing
I think it's better to be more formal
Ah, what are you expecting?
He is Sue
Ming Zhe, you don't really like Su Ming Zhe
Ouch Su Nan
You just got divorced. You like someone else so soon.
Is it a bit too much in love?
in case
What should I do if I am specially deceived again?